---
layout: post
title: "Week Two!"
---

# Week Two | HTML & CSS

<hr>

### Understanding how HTML and CSS works together has been interesting. My favorite thing about this week was using CSS and Flexbox. I love styling pages and it really took me back to my Myspace days! I knew basic HTML & CSS before this week, so I dove into deeper subjects. This week our project was to recreate a Birdwatching website. I choose to do different colors and styling because I didn't enjoy the colors of the original, but I'm sure someone out there does! It was rewarding to finally have a project to put together and for it to actually come together. I plan on finding some cool things to do with CSS. I'm nervous for next week because there's an alarm clock project and the first thing we've done without any hand holding! I can do this....I think.

<details>

<summary>What is something you wish you could do but currently do not have the coding skills to accomplish?</summary>

<br />
I wish I had enough coding skills to code a simple game. I've always wanted to do this and cannot wait to be able to. I don't even care if it's a game as simple as snake. 
  
</details>

<details>

<summary>What are you struggling with?</summary>

<br />
At the moment, I am struggling with remembering to commit while doing a project. I am also struggling with answering questions about git commands. I understand how to use them, what they do, and when to use them, but for some reason when I have to answer a question about them my mind goes blank. I'm going to work on this because maybe I'm missing a deeper understanding.
 
</details>

<details>

<summary>How do you solve a problem? </summary>

<br />
 I solve a problem by exhausting every resource. If I don't know how to do something I start by googling the topic, I skim through the top few websites and if it still doesn't clear up my understanding, I switch to YouTube. If I cannot understand something by reading about it, then I can normally understand it by hearing someone talk about it. I think I just had an a-ha! moment and realized I should start by hearing someone talk about the topic before reading about it. It could save me some time!
   
</details>

<details>

<summary>What methods do you use to help yourself get unstuck? </summary>

<br />
 This sort of ties in to the question above, but I also want to add that a lot of times if I'm feeling stuck, I'll take a break. There have been many times when its clicked before I even came back! 
   
</details>
